this is a an anecdote for anecdotes
eight being shared on patreon but some
of you guys find the stuff amusing stuff
for my personal i thought i had a
question about whether or not i would
start a whole separate channel for Game
of Thrones Game of Thrones song of ice
and fire this book and you know um like
even answer to that I think it is kind
of fun it's kind of cool that some
people maybe even it's just 1,000 people
so far are coming to my youtube channel
because they're interesting what I have
to say about Game of Thrones and the
books a song of ice and fire and they
end up watching the videos about
veganism so it's a form of vegan
propaganda that I don't have a set that
it's all on one channel that all the
vegan stuff is on the same channel with
song of ice and fire Game of Thrones
Phil that's one point uh-huh but you
know then I started joking around about
trying to trying to date game fans you
know the game of thrones fan community
the trying to date within that circle
instead of dating within the the vegans
with the digital vegan demi-monde as we
like to say around here and you know
that reminds me of an anecdote this is
really an antidote for anecdotes sake
but you know there was a young woman
here at the school say young more I
think she was like 27 I mean were all
middle-aged people at this school a few
a few memorable exceptions but she's
she's a woman younger than myself and I
was interesting there and she was
interested in Game of Thrones and I know
a lot as you guys have picked up I know
a lot about Game of Thrones Song of Ice
fire we we had a conversation for maybe
30 minutes that's a long conversation
talking about the books and I was also
interested in having her come on my
youtube channel you know sit down in
front of the camera and talk about Game
of Thrones and it's not so forth um I so
tell you a little bit about this woman
just to just to fill in the anecdote so
I was very attractive young woman she
was smart she seems hard working she's
not hard working she created the
illusion that she would start working
she had different redeeming qualities of
this kind that I appreciate smart
hardworking but very emotionally
overwrought
um and I don't know if that's just cuz
the time of her life when I met her
because she had some things going on or
if she's like that I just don't know so
like to give you an example one day I
left the school and out of this school
you have to go down cross the road go up
another side street it's a sort of 15
minute walk um she was kind of having a
bad day I had to go run an errand in
that in that neighborhood anyway but I
made this walk I bought her a cup of
coffee from a gourmet coffee shop and I
brought it back for and gave it to her
you know I didn't it was no big deal
it's nice thing to do from the human
being and she was so moved that it is
for like I had to go to that
neighborhood anyway and come back had to
make the errand so it's really not that
big a deal i took an extra five minutes
to get a cup of coffee for which I I
knew she wanted or knew she would
appreciate um she thanked me profusely
and she actually briefly like wept she
had like tears are high she was so moved
that's part this cup of coffee and I
said to her look come on just not and I
don't I don't think she had a crush me I
really told it wasn't that she was no
author emotional she's that that kind of
woman so they're out there they exist
where she's really that emotional rod
and by the way she also is a political
science major so there are a couple
different ways maybe her major was
government instead of political science
but one of those one of those her
university area of expertise was
basically political science so we had a
lot of things in common I was I was
interested Christ what fuck i'm now
blanking on on the next part of this
anecdote what the hell was the point is
the point of the antigens that I dodged
a bullet by not getting involved oh
right I remember I remember now right
veganism how veganism slip slip my mind
was the point of this antidote just that
I dodged a bullet by not getting into a
relationship with this woman who was
involved in politics and intelligent
hard-working but obviously emotionally a
basket case was that the point story no
it slipped my mind I forgot that I'm
vegan for half a second
so you know I think the real barrier
with her so you may ask well look
obviously this is the world's greatest
relationship aside from the fact that it
would have been a complete disaster
obviously why didn't you guys hit it off
well you know there was one there was
one evening when she and I you know
talked and she seemed really addressed
than me um I don't drink alcohol but we
were out at I guess you would call it a
bar bar or kollywood that kind of place
and you know she and I were talking and
you know she seemed mean she seems
passionate about everything but she
seemed she seemed very very much
interested in someone but you know um
she was one of these people who was
eating meat on doctor's orders she had
been involved with veganism she had been
involved she had been a vegetarian and
already involved with some vegan
activism so obviously teetering on the
edge of that and um what do you know she
had an unrelated health problem she was
diagnosed in fact with diabetes to keep
it all the way real and her doctor
basically told her you should go back to
eating meat now I think not everyone I
mean some people you know the diagnosed
with diabetes don't really care doesn't
doesn't mean that much them doesn't
matter but she was really shocked by the
diagnosis you could you could see that
and I don't even know um you know I
don't know if the rest of her emotional
behavior during the time it was a result
of that diagnosis if she was just so
shocked she was so shaken to her core
because she said to me briefly that she
didn't expect to have that long a life
because of the nature of the diabetes
diagnosis and so on and you know
doctor's orders was were for her to go
back to eating meat so for her the way
she perceived me what I represented I
didn't put any guilt trip on her but
just being in the same room with with me
for her was a bit of a guilt trip it
made her feel bad
to reflect on her own ideals as a former
vegetarian she was a vegetarian who
actually got involved with political or
vegan political organizations there's an
interesting story I'm not going to tell
in this video so she was she was in
effect a vegan activist though she'd
never really been vegan so she'd been
leaning in that direction at least and
um you know obviously I understand the
doctors reasons for giving that advice I
think that fundamentally it's just
telling her to have the most stable
familiar diet possible even though you
know eating meat does not help you deal
with you know a blood sugar disorder
it's in some ways it's terrible advice
or you know fill fill in the blank fill
in the eye rolling but I remember you
know um which talked with me she said
these things like oh well now that I
have this diagnosis my life isn't gonna
be that long and is going to be that
healthy kind of thing I said to her well
you know life is long enough that you
can figure it out um I put absolutely no
pressure on it become vegan immediately
it was obvious to me that emotionally
she was dealing with the impact or
devastation they said that moment I said
but you don't life is long you know like
yeah it's a I said take some people
years take some people five years to
figure out how to work a vegan diet into
their work schedule into their life some
people spend years nears just you know
don't don't put to kill tumor cell don't
say never because those are she was
saying she said she would never be vegan
so you know life is long never is a long
time you know I mean that was always
said that and changed the subject i
never i didn't i didn't want to put any
any guilt trip online for that for so I
don't know man I mean I think um I think
she missed out I think I missed out I
think even if that relationship had only
lasted for one month it probably would
have been really good for her probably
been very cathartic for her um I don't
know if it would be good for me but it
said as life goes on if you guys stay
involved with with vegan politics we get
activism you're gonna meet those people
you're going to meet those people were
eating meat on doctor's orders and in
her case I mean I
guess you know what you know it's worth
being upset about she was an emotional
basket case over eating meat and I guess
that's why fundamentally I liked her so
much or that's why I respect her so much
that's why I didn't even challenge her
on that it's like I can see she knows
enough to be upset and horrified by the
fact that she's eating meat so she's
already on my side I don't have to
convert her on him to convince her of
anything you know what I mean she
already knows what's right and what's
wrong and she knows that what she's
doing is wrong so I don't have any
compliments on a on a daily basis but on
the other hand just just to keep it all
the way real so she was obviously
diagnosed with some very severe form of
diabetes we all know even if you're just
a little bit diabetic but apparently
she's all the way that I betting if
you're just a little bit diabetic you
should never touch alcohol again and she
wasn't just drinking alcohol in front of
me she was drinking gin and tonics worst
possible thing you can be drinking as a
diabetic as a diagnosed diabetic you
should never should never drink alcohol
at all again in your life you should
never drink soda pop she never drink
tonic water again your life if you're
diagnosed diabetic so what are your
priorities your doctor told you to go
back to eating meat but your doctor
didn't tell you to give up the gin and
tonics I don't know you're actually
playing with your life you're actually
gambling with getting your legs
amputated drinking alcohol but again I
guess emotionally she felt she needed it
but you ain't going to make it a
priority to figure out how to live your
life without you know paying someone
does slit the throat of a cow every day
but I'll never know